Migrate last components to reanimated (#55202)
Expensify/App: contributingGuides/TS_CHEATSHEET.md

<a name="animated-style"></a><a name="1.4"></a>

- [1.4](#animated-style) **Animated styles**
  

> The only recommended way to create animations is by using the 
> `react-native-reanimated` library because it is much more efficient and convenient 
> than using `Animated` directly from `React Native`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended approach to creating animations is by using the `react-native-reanimated` library, as it offers greater efficiency and convenience compared to using the `Animated` API directly from React Native.
```

  ```ts
  import React from 'react';
  import { View, StyleSheet, StyleProp, ViewStyle } from 'react-native';
  import Animated, { useAnimatedStyle, useSharedValue, withTiming, SharedValue, WithTimingConfig } from 'react-native-reanimated';

  type MyComponentProps = {
  style: {
    opacity: SharedValue<number>;
    };
  };
  
  function MyComponent({ style }: MyComponentProps) {
    const animatedStyle = useAnimatedStyle(() => {
    return {
      opacity: style.opacity.get(),
      };
    });
  
    return <Animated.View style={animatedStyle}/>;
  }
  
  function App() {
    const opacity = useSharedValue(0);
    
    const animate = () => {
      opacity.set(withTiming(1, {
      duration: 1000,
      easing: Easing.inOut(Easing.quad),
      reduceMotion: ReduceMotion.System,
    }))}
  
    return <MyComponent style={{ opacity }} />;
  }

>   ```

Reviewer: I changed it a bit and formated:

```ts
  import React from 'react';
  import { View, StyleSheet, StyleProp, ViewStyle } from 'react-native';
  import Animated, { useAnimatedStyle, useSharedValue, withTiming, SharedValue, WithTimingConfig } from 'react-native-reanimated';

  type MyComponentProps = {
    opacity: Animated.SharedValue<number>;
  };

  const MyComponent = ({ opacity }: MyComponentProps) => {
    const animatedStyle = useAnimatedStyle(() => ({
      opacity: opacity.value, 
    }));

    return (
      <Animated.View style={[styles.box, animatedStyle]} />
    );
  };

  const App = () => {
    const opacity = useSharedValue(0); 

    const startAnimation = () => {
      opacity.value = withTiming(1, {
        duration: 1000,
        easing: Easing.inOut(Easing.quad), 
      });
    };

    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <MyComponent opacity={opacity} />
        <Button title="Animate" onPress={startAnimation} />
      </View>
    );
  };
  ```
